kismet: add page (#10606)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/kismet.md

> # Kismet
> 
> > A wireless network and device detector, sniffer, wardriving tool, and WIDS (wireless intrusion detection) framework.
> > Kismet needs to be run with root privileges.
> > More information: <https://www.kismetwireless.net/>.
> 
> - Capture packets from a specific wireless interface:
> 
> `kismet -c {{wlan0}}`
> 
> - Monitor multiple channels on a wireless interface:
> 
> `kismet -c {{wlan0,wlan1}} -m`
> 
> - Capture packets and save them to a specific directory:
> 
> `kismet -c {{wlan0}} -d /path/to/output`
> 
> - Start Kismet with a specific configuration file:
> 
> `kismet -c {{wlan0}} -f /path/to/config.conf`
> 
> - Monitor and log data to a SQLite database:
> 
> `kismet -c {{wlan0}} --log-to-db`
> 
> - Monitor using a specific data source (e.g., rtl433):
> 
> `kismet -c {{wlan0}} --data-source=rtl433`
> 
> - Enable alerts for specific events (e.g., new APs):
> 
> `kismet -c {{wlan0}} --enable-alert=new_ap`
> 
> - Display detailed information about a specific AP's packets:
> 
> `kismet -c {{wlan0}} --info {{BSSID}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# kismet

> A wireless network and device detector, sniffer, wardriving tool, and WIDS (wireless intrusion detection) framework.
> More information: <https://www.kismetwireless.net/>.

- Capture packets from a specific wireless interface:

`sudo kismet -c {{wlan0}}`

- Monitor multiple channels on a wireless interface:

`sudo kismet -c {{wlan0,wlan1}} -m`

- Capture packets and save them to a specific directory:

`sudo kismet -c {{wlan0}} -d {{path/to/output}}`

- Start Kismet with a specific configuration file:

`sudo kismet -c {{wlan0}} -f {{path/to/config.conf}}`

- Monitor and log data to an SQLite database:

`sudo kismet -c {{wlan0}} --log-to-db`

- Monitor using a specific data source:

`sudo kismet -c {{wlan0}} --data-source={{rtl433}}`

- Enable alerts for specific events:

`sudo kismet -c {{wlan0}} --enable-alert={{new_ap}}`

- Display detailed information about a specific AP's packets:

`sudo kismet -c {{wlan0}} --info {{BSSID}}`
```
